.ipynb_checkpoints/README-checkpoint.md, before:

# Playing with Jupyter
Is learning the basics and getting everyting setup on the machine to be able to run and code with Jupyter.

## Using notebook
1. Download [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual).
2. Download [cmder](https://cmder.net/)"only if on windows. The terminal should be fine on mac".
3. Run 'juypter lab' in the command line/terminal.

- I found a page that has all the shortcut [commands](https://towardsdatascience.com/jypyter-notebook-shortcuts-bf0101a98330) for the keyboard that are really handy and can help navigate the notebook easier.
***
## Scikit-Learn
Done a tutorial on datasets and did some mapping on a graph using mathplotlib again like we used in the numpy-random and more notes can be found on that by using the **numpy** link below.
***
# Documentation to use/follow/read

**[Juypter Docs](https://jupyter.org/documentation)**
**[Pep8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)**
**[Numpy](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/random/index.html)**
**[Real Python](https://realpython.com/)**

Commit message:

updated some of the scikit learn and added a folder for the assessment #9

.ipynb_checkpoints/README-checkpoint.md, after:

# Assessment for Emerging Tech.
This Github repo is used for learning scikit learn and Juypter in Python. Mainly we are learning about machine learning using datasets, multiclasses, conventions and learning & predicting

## Scikit-Learn
Done a tutorial on datasets and did some mapping on a graph using mathplotlib again like we used in the numpy-random and more notes can be found on that by using the **numpy** link below.
***




### Playing with Jupyter
Is learning the basics and getting everyting setup on the machine to be able to run and code with Jupyter.

### Using notebook
1. Download [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual).
2. Download [cmder](https://cmder.net/)"only if on windows. The terminal should be fine on mac".
3. Run 'juypter lab' in the command line/terminal.

- I found a page that has all the shortcut [commands](https://towardsdatascience.com/jypyter-notebook-shortcuts-bf0101a98330) for the keyboard that are really handy and can help navigate the notebook easier.
***
# Documentation to use/follow/read

**[Juypter Docs](https://jupyter.org/documentation)**
**[Pep8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)**
**[Numpy](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/random/index.html)**
**[Real Python](https://realpython.com/)**
